[Music]
Hey there, how are you my hearts?
I hope you're having a
spectacular Tuesday. I'm coming to you with some
really fresh information about this stuff that you like. And thank goodness you
have YouTube.
Almost all of you are very grateful for having
found a platform where
information is contrasted. Not because you
have to trust the
conventional media. Come on, look how
down here it's going downhill and without
brakes, like Rocío Carrasco's audience.
No, the audience that
this second season is having is
absolutely a disgrace. I'm going to
talk to you about the shape, okay. I'm going to talk to you about
the percentages of viewers and I'm
going to explain a couple of things. No,
because I think there's confusion. The
audience is such a resounding
failure that I wouldn't rule out, I wouldn't
rule out immediate cancellation.
Okay, let them show it on Saturday
mornings or put the rest of the
episodes on YouTube or
something. Let's see if more people watch it. No, let's
see the audience. The sheir, the percentage
of shade yesterday was
12.4%, which
would be
900 or  1000 viewers there are
people like
our dear Mimi is saying here who believe that they have
increased their audience with Jorge Javier
because he has two more points,
however, if we look at the audience from
last week, last week it is
true that they had two points
less but the number of viewers was
one million 72
viewers we are talking about almost
200,000 fewer viewers, a
lot of people who have said Goodbye Carrasco, I ca
n't stand you anymore, the truth is that I neither
believe you nor do I know who can really stand you, it disgusts
me to watch your program,
take it off the screen because the
percentage is higher this week than the
other one, this is very simple, the share is the
audience quota, that is, the percentage of
people who are estimated to be
watching that program
with all the televisions that are
on, it's worth the whole family that are
watching that, what does that mean? Well,
the percentage is higher, the percentage
is higher of all the people who are
watching TV, but the number of
viewers is lower, that means that there are
many, many fewer
people watching TV this
last night, this Monday than the previous one, it is worth
many fewer viewers, the
percentage  little bit Just a little bit nothing
major but that's 200,000 fewer people
this is a brutal drop Look to do
Exactly here our beloved Jesús
Manuel tells us Clearly in the name of
Rocío the last intervention
of the new tennis idol began in El
Hormiguero de Pablo Motos on Antena 3 the
best data with 19.3% and 2 million
662 thousand viewers
Mamma Look at these numbers these were the
numbers that Telecinco handled
previously okay And now
Antena 3 has it Rocío Carrasco and her name and
her mother's come after in
direct competition with the
Antena 3 series Hermanos which reaches 14.7 or
one million
429,000 more than half a million
more viewers are watching this series
that I don't know
and well and MasterChef too one million
479,000 more than a million people more than
half a million Sorry my mother a lot of
difference and its story or tale well
story tale Well yes the truth is that we don't
know if it is a story a tale which
is what  No, but I think that with this it
will be clear to you that this is a complete
failure. You can color it and
draw it in any color you want.
Okay, personally, as an entertainment company, I would
say and think that the
audience is telling me something and that
therefore I would have to listen to it. But,
well, everyone does what they do with their
money, their companies and so on. I only
ask that we take care of this channel, that you
all subscribe, that you give it a like and that we will
see you in the next video, family.
A big kiss.
[Music]